Create rule S6405[terraform] Enabling project-wide SSH keys to access VM instances is security-sensitive (#720)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6405/message.adoc

=== Message

> Make sure creating this VM instance without blocking project SSH keys is safe here.

Reviewer: I am not against this suggestion but in general I prefer to start the message by "make sure ..." to stick with [the current guidelines](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/extend/adding-coding-rules/) and because it's a preference on my side.

WDYT about: "_Make sure creating this VM instance with the `metadata.block-project-ssh-keys` argument set by default to `true` is safe here._" ?

> Make sure creating this VM instance without blocking project SSH keys is safe here.

Reviewer 2: following our slack conversation, 
```suggestion
Make sure that enabling project-wide SSH keys is safe here.
```
